Port 4619 cancel resync event before starting a new one (#113)
port-labs/ocean: docs/framework-guides/docs/_common/resync-abort-message.mdx

:::danger

> Triggering your integration resync while there is an already running resync will abort the current resync and start a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a resync event is received by your integration while it is actively performing a resync, the currently running resync will be aborted and a new resync process will start.
```

> new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> If this would repeatedly happen, it could cause your integration to never finish the resync process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a new resync trigger consistently aborts a running resync, it means that your integration never finishes a complete resync process (which means some information from the 3rd-party system might never appear in Port).
```
